Lint: Tell users that backslashes are no longer necessary after => & | (#6459)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/6459.feat.md

> Cylc lint now checks for unecessary continuation characters in graph section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cylc lint` now checks for unecessary continuation characters in graph section.
```

> `cylc lint` now checks for unecessary continuation characters in graph section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cylc lint` now checks for unnecessary continuation characters in the graph section.
```
